I can help you solve your factory
The problem of broken capital chain
Do you think I'm crazy?
Will believe you gambler
It is now in the trend of market economy reform
You can raise money by issuing intra-corporate bonds.
Too many to say
200,000 more than enough
Issuance of internal creditor's rights
For corporate employees
Issuance of internal debt at high interest rates
Regular one month
At that time, you can recover 100 yuan with interest.
20 bucks a month.
I believe in such bonds
Employees should be happy to buy
20% interest is ridiculous
But you don't raise money fast.
The fund chain is broken.
Your business will go backwards immediately
How do you know?
Methods of issuing intra-corporate bonds
That's what they do in Hong Kong movies.
and
There are indeed many foreign companies that rely on this trick to survive
It looks good that you have such mature breasts.
Then you go back to the company with me now
Develop a detailed plan
Don't you dare tell me
You're just a wimp who can talk on paper
How dare you
This bond issuance plan was really written by you
Why didn't I know you knew this before?
That didn't give me a chance to show it before
Secretary Zhou immediately followed the above plan
Print intra-corporate bonds
Stamp the official seal
And issue bonds in full broadcast Yes
Attention all employees
In response to the reform of the national market economy
Issuance of intra-corporate bonds with an interest rate of 20%
100 yuan a month can get 20 yuan interest
Mr. Xia is leaning on a piece of broken paper
Can we get 200,000?
A dead horse is a living horse doctor
There is no other way now.
Sister Shuang, just think about it
I vowed to give Mr. Xia 200,000
I haven't even raised 20 yuan now
I don't know what maze you visited for Mr. Xia
I can't believe your nonsense
Linlin
That's enough!